where did I put my booties I can't make
a video without my booties this is
impossible why is there so many storage
capabilities oh there they are sweet hey
guys and welcome back to servantis mods
today we're gonna be checking out eight
fantastic mall notice the more storage
mod for minecraft 1.6 point to this is
created by ng Phoenix in it adds amazing
storage capabilities into your
minecraftian world let's go ahead and
hop right into this amazing mod with the
very first item the key now all you have
to do to craft aside the key is take
five golden ingots in these shape as
shown and you've received this great
golden justice now of course you can do
whatever you want with this key but it's
absolutely useless without its lock now
all you have to do the craft the lock is
taken upside down iron helmet and add an
iron ingot on the top middle now once
you have these two they're still
absolutely useless because you do not
have a locksmith workbench now
coincidentally you also have to sneak a
lock and key to craft side the workbench
but once you have these three items in
your crafting table you can craft an
item that will allow you to craft a five
digit locks using a lock and key now all
you have to do this is the right click
on the workbench like a normal work
bench and put either the lock or key
into the space over here then you could
type in whatever you want and press
Enter the crap but since I already have
a different combination for this um I
already have the key that I want but of
course if I do want to change the
combination I could at any time so you
don't have to keep your league crafting
he's just because he messed up but let's
go ahead and go back to 1 1111 because
that is the most secure password you
that you could ever possibly have in any
game ever so let's go ahead and hop
right into the very first storage
capability that this mod has to offer
the wood cabinet now this has the same
amount of storage as a normal chest but
it looks twice as fancy I mean look at
those sweet door swinging open and such
it's pretty amazing now of course all
you have to do to craft this is take a
chest and surround it in a pile of wood
well for would you consider that a pile
then guess a pile of wood surrounding
this but of course unfortunately because
you
same amount of storage capabilities
you're using for well almost 1.5 times
extra wood than you normally would for a
normal chest but it looks twice as fancy
so it's totally worth it let's go ahead
and hop down another level to check out
the glass cabinet now this is the same
as we would cabinet except a classified
unfortunately if you do put stuff inside
of this you can't see a third of the
windows which I was really hoping you
could but unfortunately you can still
looks very nice and very sleek though
all you have to do to craft this is put
a chest in the middle with a glass on
the sides and wood on the top and bottom
and you will get this week / cabinet now
the next of these items is the crate
this is probably the aesthetically worst
looking but i like it because it just
looks sweet to me I mean it's perfect
for moving all of your minecraftian
house items such now all you have to do
to crash this is taken upside down in
the helmet of wood and put a 3 of line
of a part of non processed wood on the
top man that was a tongue twister for
some reason but of course once you have
this it would give you the same amount
of storage as a chest but you're gonna
be using it a little bit more wood to
get that sweet look of the great now I
guess the reason why I really like this
is when you open it it's almost like
you're opening up a piece of a tree
trunk it's like hidden treasures are
inside of this that'd be pretty sweet
now the next of these is the obsidian
site now all you have to do the crafters
is put a chest in the middle and
surround it with a whole heap in town of
obsidian and this will provide you
extreme blast protection so this is
rated for at least a thousand creepers
before it'll explode and it is pretty
sweet it does have the same amount of
storage as the chest it does but it
looks really nice and I really enjoy
this thing now the next of these is the
golden safe now this is the exact same
as the obsidian chest mainly because you
just go plate if I it but of course it
will allow you to transport all the
contents inside of it when you break it
unfortunately only get that much space
which is kind of sad but I mean if you
get to break it down and get to keep all
that sweet stuff then that's pretty
awesome so let's go ahead and oh whoa I
just totally got rid of my locks oh no
poor locks let's go ahead and stick
those in there and then break it down in
the default the game mode so I could
show you guys that when you break it
down it will give you one hun
present all of your items inside of it
so if we put it back and we open it up
we got our lock and key that's a pretty
sweet addition to it because it's a you
don't want to just go breaking down
everything having all of your items
flying all over the place so it's pretty
sweet now of course let's go ahead and
head down to the next level to the
locker now the locker is actually a
really cool item because unlike the
other ones above it it does give you
more stay or storage capabilities than
the chest does in fact you can double
the size of this and it's so massive you
could fit stuff everywhere all over this
thing I mean look at that storage
capabilities it's simply beautiful I'm
gonna leave that diamond pickaxe in
there to show you guys how to craft this
now all you have to do to craft this is
put a chest in the middle and have a
wheel of iron ingots around it now this
is stackable and you could also have it
in the normal chest size and it's still
a massive inside so that's pretty sweet
now the next of these is the item tower
now perhaps this is probably the biggest
of these storage capabilities because it
is infinitely big you can provide as
many towers that you want now all you
have to do to grab this is put a chest
in the middle with the line of iron
ingots on each side now you can build
this as tall as you'd like and it will
add two rows of storage each time you
add one what's really cool about it is
it also has an animation if you can see
behind it um it will we lit up and
around every time you reach different
rows now of course if we stick one right
on here like the key right there and we
stick one right there we can go up and
around and find these just as easily as
normal so it's pretty sweet and I really
enjoy the item tower look it's just all
in all a really industrial a
cool-looking item now of course I want
to go ahead and go back up to the
locksmith workbench and build another
key because apparently I got rid of mine
because I'm not very good at holding on
the keys and locks of course I lock a
lot of my own items inside of these
because I just completely forget to find
the key so let's go ahead and head right
down over to the locker and lock this
thing up so all I gotta do to lock it is
right click on it and you will have a
lock on there because I have the key I
can open it 100% fine but say I don't
have the key well met it's locked
forever I'll never be able to take it
whoops I totally broke it that wasn't my
fault i blame the
alright i really hope you guys enjoy
this mod it is a fantastic mod for all
of your story needs now of course I'm
gonna be leaving download leagues in the
description below so you guys can check
this out for yourself booked for Sky des
the amazing free installers that make
your installing experience just so much
better it's so much easier as well as
the normal download as well have a
fantastic day guys river like and
subscribe to remember to tell their
friends because anything is better as
friends proven by the great guild
justice known as the key and he is able
to unlock all of the mysteries of the
friendship get it cuz it's a lock and
it's a key unlocks it I'm bad with puns
but of course this is a fantastic mod
and I know you guys are gonna love it so
I'll see you guys for the next episode
later have a great day and good bye